#170: fix `Constraint` description (#175)
ga4gh/cat-vrs: docs/source/concepts/catvrs_model.rst

Constraint
##########

> The *Constraint* class is an abstract class that is the parent of all other constraint classes.  A constraint is a rule or set of rules that must be satisfied for a variant must satisfy to qualify as a valid member of the CategoricalVariant. Constraint subclasses are only used in CategoricalVariant objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Constraint* class is an abstract class that is the parent of all other constraint classes.  A constraint is a rule or set of rules that must be satisfied for a variant to be considered a valid member of the CategoricalVariant. Constraint subclasses are only used in CategoricalVariant objects.
```

Reviewer: I think that this edit aligns with @DanielPuthawala's recommended wording [here](https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs/issues/170), right?
